Start purple belt (#11)
AppSecure-nrw/security-belts: purple/static-analysis-for-all-self-written-components.md

> # Static analysis for all self written components

Author: ```suggestion
# Static analysis for all self-written components
```

> Use static code analysis tools to perform checks on all self written components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use static code analysis tools to perform checks on all self-written components.
```

> Use static code analysis tools to perform checks on all self-written components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use static code analysis tools to find security vulnerabilities in all self-written components.
```

## Benefits

> - Prevention of common mistakes within the code.
> - New vulnerabilities may be found before reaching production.
> - Old vulnerabilities are found and can be fixed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Prevention of common vulnerabilities within your code during development.
- Static code analysis provides early feedback, such that developers can learn how to improve their code quality and avoid vulnerabilities in the future.
```

## Assessment

- Show the tests and usage of the tool(s).
- Show the handling of the results.
- Show the latest *n* findings.
- Show your false positive list.

## Further Readings

> - [Contrast](https://www.contrastsecurity.com/)
> - [Spotbugs](https://spotbugs.github.io/)
> - [SonarQube](https://www.sonarqube.org/)
> - [Amazon CodeGuru](https://aws.amazon.com/codeguru/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tool: [Contrast](https://www.contrastsecurity.com/)
- Tool: [Spotbugs](https://spotbugs.github.io/)
- Tool: [SonarQube](https://www.sonarqube.org/)
- Tool: [Amazon CodeGuru](https://aws.amazon.com/codeguru/)
```
